README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  👋 Hey there, I'm Ritik Kumar
  <br>
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=24&pause=1000&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Data+Engineering+Enthusiast+%26+AI+Explorer;Building+Insights+with+Data+%26+Code;Turning+Raw+Data+into+Unstoppable+Stories;From+India+to+Global+Innovation" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h1>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌍%20From-India-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=india" alt="From India" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🚀%20Role-Data%20Engineer-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql" alt="Data Engineer" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/💼%20Founder-RitSky%20Global-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge&logo=business" alt="Founder RitSky Global" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🔥%20Passion-AI%20%26%20Export-purple?style=for-the-badge&logo=robot" alt="AI & Export" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📊%20Tools-Power%20BI%20%26%20Tableau-teal?style=for-the-badge&logo=power-bi" alt="Power BI & Tableau" />
</div>

---

## 🌟 About Me

I'm a **dedicated Data Engineering student** based in **India**, on a mission to transform raw data into actionable insights that drive real-world impact. As the **Founder of RitSky Global**, I blend my passion for AI, export business exploration, and data science to build innovative solutions. With over 2 years of hands-on experience in coding and visualization, I'm constantly evolving—debugging DAX at midnight one day, crafting viral song lyrics the next!

Currently, I'm diving deep into **Python, SQL, and advanced analytics** while transitioning from student life to a full-fledged data engineer role. I thrive on creative problem-solving, whether it's designing interactive dashboards for job market trends or optimizing ETL pipelines. My goal? Unleash unstoppable dreams by making data accessible and empowering others in the tech ecosystem.

- 🔭 **Currently working on**: A portfolio of interactive dashboards (check out my [Data Analytics Portfolio](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-) repo!).
- 🌱 **Currently learning**: Machine Learning with PyTorch, advanced DAX in Power BI, and cloud data engineering (Azure/AWS).
- 👯 **Looking to collaborate on**: Open-source data projects, AI-driven business tools, or export tech innovations.
- 💬 **Ask me about**: Data visualization tips, Python scripting for beginners, or navigating the data job market.
- 📫 **How to reach me**: ritsky@zohomail.in (or DM on LinkedIn!)
- 😄 **Pronouns**: He/Him
- ⚡ **Fun fact**: I've turned my love for music into data experiments—like analyzing Spotify trends to predict hit songs!


---

<!-- Neon divider -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=slice&color=gradient&height=60&section=header&text=&fontSize=0" />
</div>

<!-- Stats + Streak - Cyberpunk neon edition -->
<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 12px; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Ritik574-coder&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&title_color=00ffea&icon_color=ff007a&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f&cache_seconds=7200" />
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Ritik574-coder&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&title_color=00ffea&icon_color=ff007a&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f" width="48%" alt="Neon Stats" />
  </picture>

  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=Ritik574-coder&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&border_radius=10&background=00000000&ring=00ffea&fire=ff007a&currStreakNum=00ffea&currStreakLabel=ff007a&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=00ffea&dates=aaaaaa" />
    <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=Ritik574-coder&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&border_radius=10&background=00000000&ring=00ffea&fire=ff007a&currStreakNum=00ffea&currStreakLabel=ff007a&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=00ffea&dates=aaaaaa" width="48%" alt="Neon Streak" />
  </picture>
</div>

<!-- Top Languages - compact futuristic -->
<div align="center" style="margin-top: 16px;">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Ritik574-coder&layout=compact&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&title_color=00ffea&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f&langs_count=8&cache_seconds=7200" />
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Ritik574-coder&layout=compact&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&title_color=00ffea&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f&langs_count=8" alt="Neon Top Languages" />
  </picture>
</div>

<!-- Cyberpunk glow line -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=gradient&height=2.5&section=header&text=&fontSize=0" />
</div>

<!-- Optional extra futuristic touch -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ritik574-coder&label=GRID+ACCESSED&color=00ffea&style=flat-square&labelColor=ff007a" alt="neon visitor counter" />
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Skills & Tech Stack

| Category          | Technologies                          |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------|
| **Languages**     | Python, SQL, JSON , HTML              |
| **Databases**     | PostgreSQL, SQL Server                     |
| **BI Tools**      | Power BI, Tableau                     |
| **Data Engineering** | ETL (Pandas, NumPy), DAX Measures   |
| **Other**         | Git, Azure (basics), AI/ML Basics     |

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌟%20Level-Intermediate%20%26%20Growing-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=star" alt="Skill Level" />

---

## 🔥 Bi Projects

Here are some highlights from my journey—each one a step toward mastering data storytelling:

- **[Sales Csutomer Analysi](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/Sales%20%26%20Customers%20Dashboard%20overview)**: Tableau dashboard uncovering profit drivers and regional insights from retail data.
- **[HR Analytics Explorer](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/HR%20Analytics%20Dashboard)**: SQL-powered BI report on employee turnover and hiring patterns.
- **[Data Jobs Dashboard Overview](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/Data%20Job%20Dashboard%20Overview)**: Interactive Power BI viz analyzing 2024 job trends, salaries, and global hotspots.!
  
*Building one new dashboard every 3-4 days—stay tuned for more! 🚀*

---

<!-- Extra cool sections -->

### 📊 Github Activity
<!-- You can replace with your own activity graph repo if you want -->
![Ritik's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Ritik574-coder&theme=react-dark)

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always up for chatting about data, AI, or business ideas. Reach out!

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ritik-kumar-b81b32375/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/ritik.sky">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-Public%20Vizzes-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=tableau" alt="Tableau" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://x.com/KarlX279873">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-Tweets-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=x-twitter" alt="X" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ritik_sky1/?__pwa=1">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-Stories-purple?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram" alt="Instagram" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Ritik574-coder">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Profile-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ritik574-coder&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

---

*Thanks for stopping by! Let's make data dreams a reality. 💫*  
*Last Updated: December 17, 2025*  
*Built with ❤️ from India*

---

Commit message:

Fix typo and update ATM Analytics Dashboard description

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  👋 Hey there, I'm Ritik Kumar
  <br>
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=24&pause=1000&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Data+Engineering+Enthusiast+%26+AI+Explorer;Building+Insights+with+Data+%26+Code;Turning+Raw+Data+into+Unstoppable+Stories;From+India+to+Global+Innovation" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h1>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌍%20From-India-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=india" alt="From India" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🚀%20Role-Data%20Engineer-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql" alt="Data Engineer" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/💼%20Founder-RitSky%20Global-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge&logo=business" alt="Founder RitSky Global" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🔥%20Passion-AI%20%26%20Export-purple?style=for-the-badge&logo=robot" alt="AI & Export" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📊%20Tools-Power%20BI%20%26%20Tableau-teal?style=for-the-badge&logo=power-bi" alt="Power BI & Tableau" />
</div>

---

## 🌟 About Me

I'm a **dedicated Data Engineering student** based in **India**, on a mission to transform raw data into actionable insights that drive real-world impact. As the **Founder of RitSky Global**, I blend my passion for AI, export business exploration, and data science to build innovative solutions. With over 2 years of hands-on experience in coding and visualization, I'm constantly evolving—debugging DAX at midnight one day, crafting viral song lyrics the next!

Currently, I'm diving deep into **Python, SQL, and advanced analytics** while transitioning from student life to a full-fledged data engineer role. I thrive on creative problem-solving, whether it's designing interactive dashboards for job market trends or optimizing ETL pipelines. My goal? Unleash unstoppable dreams by making data accessible and empowering others in the tech ecosystem.

- 🔭 **Currently working on**: A portfolio of interactive dashboards (check out my [Data Analytics Portfolio](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-) repo!).
- 🌱 **Currently learning**: Machine Learning with PyTorch, advanced DAX in Power BI, and cloud data engineering (Azure/AWS).
- 👯 **Looking to collaborate on**: Open-source data projects, AI-driven business tools, or export tech innovations.
- 💬 **Ask me about**: Data visualization tips, Python scripting for beginners, or navigating the data job market.
- 📫 **How to reach me**: ritsky@zohomail.in (or DM on LinkedIn!)
- 😄 **Pronouns**: He/Him
- ⚡ **Fun fact**: I've turned my love for music into data experiments—like analyzing Spotify trends to predict hit songs!


---

<!-- Neon divider -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=slice&color=gradient&height=60&section=header&text=&fontSize=0" />
</div>

<!-- Stats + Streak - Cyberpunk neon edition -->
<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 12px; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Ritik574-coder&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&title_color=00ffea&icon_color=ff007a&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f&cache_seconds=7200" />
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Ritik574-coder&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&title_color=00ffea&icon_color=ff007a&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f" width="48%" alt="Neon Stats" />
  </picture>

  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=Ritik574-coder&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&border_radius=10&background=00000000&ring=00ffea&fire=ff007a&currStreakNum=00ffea&currStreakLabel=ff007a&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=00ffea&dates=aaaaaa" />
    <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=Ritik574-coder&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&border_radius=10&background=00000000&ring=00ffea&fire=ff007a&currStreakNum=00ffea&currStreakLabel=ff007a&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=00ffea&dates=aaaaaa" width="48%" alt="Neon Streak" />
  </picture>
</div>

<!-- Top Languages - compact futuristic -->
<div align="center" style="margin-top: 16px;">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Ritik574-coder&layout=compact&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&title_color=00ffea&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f&langs_count=8&cache_seconds=7200" />
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Ritik574-coder&layout=compact&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&title_color=00ffea&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=0a001f&langs_count=8" alt="Neon Top Languages" />
  </picture>
</div>

<!-- Cyberpunk glow line -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=gradient&height=2.5&section=header&text=&fontSize=0" />
</div>

<!-- Optional extra futuristic touch -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ritik574-coder&label=GRID+ACCESSED&color=00ffea&style=flat-square&labelColor=ff007a" alt="neon visitor counter" />
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Skills & Tech Stack

| Category          | Technologies                          |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------|
| **Languages**     | Python, SQL, JSON , HTML              |
| **Databases**     | PostgreSQL, SQL Server                     |
| **BI Tools**      | Power BI, Tableau                     |
| **Data Engineering** | ETL (Pandas, NumPy), DAX Measures   |
| **Other**         | Git, Azure (basics), AI/ML Basics     |

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌟%20Level-Intermediate%20%26%20Growing-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=star" alt="Skill Level" />

---

## 🔥 Bi Projects

Here are some highlights from my journey—each one a step toward mastering data storytelling:

- **[Sales Csutomer Analysi](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/Sales%20%26%20Customers%20Dashboard%20overview)**: Tableau dashboard uncovering profit drivers and regional insights from retail data.
- **[HR Analytics Explorer](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/HR%20Analytics%20Dashboard)**: SQL-powered BI report on employee turnover and hiring patterns.
- **[Data Jobs Dashboard Overview](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/Data%20Job%20Dashboard%20Overview)**: Interactive Power BI viz analyzing 2024 job trends, salaries, and global hotspots.!
- **[ATM Analytics Dashboard](https://github.com/Ritik574-coder/Bi-Project-/tree/main/ATM%20Analytics%20Dashboard)**:  a dynamic Power BI tool built to supercharge ATM , banking operations and financial insights.
  
*Building one new dashboard every 3-4 days—stay tuned for more! 🚀*

---

<!-- Extra cool sections -->

### 📊 Github Activity
<!-- You can replace with your own activity graph repo if you want -->
![Ritik's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Ritik574-coder&theme=react-dark)

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always up for chatting about data, AI, or business ideas. Reach out!

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ritik-kumar-b81b32375/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/ritik.sky">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-Public%20Vizzes-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=tableau" alt="Tableau" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://x.com/KarlX279873">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-Tweets-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=x-twitter" alt="X" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ritik_sky1/?__pwa=1">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-Stories-purple?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram" alt="Instagram" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Ritik574-coder">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Profile-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ritik574-coder&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

---

*Thanks for stopping by! Let's make data dreams a reality. 💫*  
*Last Updated: December 17, 2025*  
*Built with ❤️ from India*

---
